hey everybody would you freak out 1 2 3
coming back at ya and today I'd like to
show you so I'm just really cool
goodwill finds that we found quite
recently now sometimes it's just not you
know always looking for carts it's
always tough times looking for something
really cool that we could probably trade
who um you don't have to spend a lot of
money and you can get a great collection
so um these are just some really unique
goodwill finds we found pretty recently
the first one is this um shark bite key
card for the Nintendo 64 game quest 64
now this is just basically sore like I'm
a memory pack that you plan to your
controller and it just has a coach for
Justin this is an entire game but it's
really unique because I've never seen
something like this before it would be
even cool if it had like a mario 64
version of one okay second one is this
kto or I don't know pronouncing right
arkanoid controller now this is used for
the classic Nintendo game arkanoid oh
and the cool thing is that I asked it
has just two things a start button up
here and a knob where you can turn the
paddle now we found a second well and
it's just really cool and it works
totally fun I first I didn't know if it
worked well because my put in the player
1 it just didn't work but then we put
putting the player 2 and work fun okay
well so yeah and here's when we found
out about a day ago yesterday um this is
a Game Boy Advance like tak where you
have a car adapter you'll have an AC
power adapter and also you got a
rechargeable battery for let's just say
you know your GBA goes dead well you can
just unscrew what the screw
that comes with it and pulling the
battery now still with a cool plus it
comes with a free screen protector also
we found that 142 yards which was a
crazy good deal and last but not least
this is one of my favorite ones we found
at a good well as a huge miracle piano
now you probably can't see the full
thing but this is a Nintendo miracle
piano funny story is um we were hitting
up some good wells me and my dad when we
were game hunting on the weekends and I
wanted to do like talks I'll and I know
what a Nintendo miracle panel looks like
but the thing was on the top right here
I had a sticker for something totally
different and uh I came to my dad and I
said dad check this out it's so close to
a miracle fian it's like let me see that
for a second he peeled off something
else right here and I was just a sticker
that went over this and I was just blown
away because it was actually a Nintendo
miracle piano now we don't have all the
cords for it and we just got the piano
but we're hoping one day we found we
find uh you know the course that
connects to the Nintendo and AC adapter
but still really cool to have and we
have the miracle piano cart too yeah we
do um it doesn't work for some reason
all right well um once again thank you
so much for watching this video if you
like this video like it below please
subscribe and as always thanks for
watching